Hello family good evening
I am now in the world-famous Fucun
Fengmen Village will broadcast live to you.
I heard it's 12 midnight
Peel an apple in the mirror
Will summon Yanling
Today, Yuqing will bring her family to verify it together.
If Yanling is really summoned
The family earns it
What are you giggling about?
Hey
Master, my girlfriend is live.
Live broadcast at 12:00 in the middle of the night, peeling apples in the mirror
Nonsense, disrespect to ghosts and gods will be punished
Ask him to stop the live broadcast, don't worry about the master.
It's all fake
It was pretended by someone from their live broadcast company.
You see, um, family members hold their phones and keep their eyes open
I'm going to start peeling apples.
Family, I'm so nervous.
Palms are sweaty
But what's wrong?
It's not me.
Ah!
The bridge is broken.
Thank you family for the plane rocket
What are you looking at me for?
I have to be a goddamn prodigal
Ah, yes, yes, hey, what are you running for?
Look, my family used to be in a very good mood today.
Anything else you want to see can be arranged
Let's comb your hair in the middle of the night
Yes, yes, combing your hair in the middle of the night?
Can be arranged
Oops, can't come out